project_summary.md, before:

# Project Title
Insert the name of your project

## Authors
- Insert main author name, surname, github account
- Insert other author(s) name, surname, github account (one per list element)

## Description
Insert a description containing about 100 to 150 words, including your motivation and the meaning behind your idea and execution. The Judges will be keen to know how your idea pushes the boundaries of code and technology. 

## Link to Prototype
NOTE: If your project lives online you can add one or more links here. Make sure you have a stable version of your project running before linking it.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Example Code
NOTE: Wrap your code blocks or any code citation by using ``` like the example below.
```
function test() {
  console.log("Printing a test");
}
```
## Links to External Libraries
 NOTE: You can also use this space to link to external libraries or Github repositories you used on your project.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Images & Videos
NOTE: For additional images you can either use a relative link to an image on this repo or an absolute link to an externally hosted image.

![Example Image](project_images/cover.jpg?raw=true "Example Image")

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30yGOxJJ2PQ

Commit message:

Initial project description
Main information, still lacking images and more links.

project_summary.md, after:

# Project Title
biChrom@: The collapse between 2 interactions.

## Authors
Mariel Rodríguez
René Zurita, https://github.com/Ramzawulf

## Description
BiChrom@ is our attempt to conquer the barrier of geographical space by opening an electronic window which allows two complete strangers (from distant places) to interact with each other in a visual way and share that experience - the result - with the world.

## Link to Prototype
NOTE: If your project lives online you can add one or more links here. Make sure you have a stable version of your project running before linking it.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Example Code
NOTE: Wrap your code blocks or any code citation by using ``` like the example below.
```
function test() {
  console.log("No code yet");
}
```
## Links to External Libraries
 NOTE: You can also use this space to link to external libraries or Github repositories you used on your project.
[Hole in Space] (http://www.medienkunstnetz.de/works/hole-in-space/)

## Images & Videos
NOTE: For additional images you can either use a relative link to an image on this repo or an absolute link to an externally hosted image.

![Example Image](project_images/cover.jpg?raw=true "Example Image")

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30yGOxJJ2PQ
